3D Mesh Editor
Alan Buzbee
Alan_Buzbee@hotmail.com

Feel free to use the 3D module for any projects you may have, just give me a little credit.

This project is a 3D Mesh editing tool for making fully 3D rotatable objects for games
and stuff.  This file is a little description of how to use it.

When you load the project, you should see four black windows, two listboxes, and
some buttons.  The windows are view angles, and the listboxes contain the object
data.  The top right window is the most helpful, it is the free rotation.  Drag the
mouse around inside of that window to view your object from any angle.  The rest
of the windows are top, side and front view.

The top listbox contains lists of 3D points.  Put an X, Y and Z value in the text
boxes above and click add to make a new point.  If you check the Show Vertices checkbox
then you can see where the point is located in 3D space in the black windows.  The
currently selected point in the listbox will appear red in the windows.  The very
middle of the object is 0, 0, 0.  This is the center of rotation, not the upper left
corner of the window.  To remove a point, select it and push the remove button, to
edit a point, select it and press edit, and it will fill it with the data in the
text boxes.  If you double click on a vertex, it will fill the text boxes with that
vertex's data.

The second listbox is the list of triangles.  A triangle is defined by a color and
three vertices.  Look at the number in front of the vertex you want to use from
the vertex list, then write that number in the textbox above the triangle listbox.
Triangles are only visible from one side.  If the triangle you make is not facing
the direction you want, change the order that the vertices are defined by switching
the first and last vertices of the point.  Double clicking on a triangle in the listbox
will fill the text and color data with that triangle's data.  Clicking on a triangle
will display that triangle in red in the windows.

Everything else in the project should be pretty self explanatory, but if not feel free
to email me with any questions or comments.